Ray budget control options description (#173)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/pages/docs/creators/ray/cluster-yaml.md

### Provider section

The whole "provider" section describes various Golem node provider internal parameters. 

> Some of these properties influence how Ray on Golem works in general, but we still encourage you to experiment with various settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of these properties influence how Ray on Golem works in general, but we still encourage you to experiment with different settings. 
```

to avoid repetition of `various`

> The worst that will happen is that you'll need to start your cluster anew. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The worst that may happen is that you'll need to revert to a previous working setup and start your cluster anew. 
```

> We're eager to hear your feedback on the understandability, usability, or interesting usage of those parameters (on the [`#Ray on Golem` discord channel](https://chat.golem.network/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're eager to hear your feedback on the clarity, usability, or interesting usage of those parameters (on the [`#Ray on Golem` discord channel](https://chat.golem.network/))
```

I don't think there's such word ;)

### Provider section

The whole "provider" section describes many Golem node provider internals. 

> Some of these properties interact with how Ray on Golem works in general, so be careful with those you're unfamiliar with as changing them may render your cluster unusable.

Author: @shadeofblue what whould you say to this:
```
The whole "provider" section describes various Golem node provider internal parameters. 

Some of these properties influence how Ray on Golem works in general, but we still encourage you to experiment with various settings. 
The worst that will happen is that you'll need to start your cluster anew. 

We're eager to hear your feedback on the understandability, usability, or interesting usage of those parameters (on the [`#Ray on Golem` discord channel](https://chat.golem.network/))
```

However, you can use these properties to override the detection and request a specific image. 
Supported tags are available on [Golem registry](https://registry.golem.network/explore/golem/ray-on-golem).

Please [let us know on the `#Ray on Golem` discord channel)](https://chat.golem.network/) if you need an image with any specific content. We will be happy to help you.

> ## Budget control

Author: yea, article discussing how to choose the right prices using network-stats etc. 
great idea :bulb: putting it in the backlog :book:

### Spending hard limit

Within `provider.parameters` section there is the `budget_limit` property.
It defines the maximum amount of GLMs paid for the whole cluster operations - from `ray up` until `ray down`.

At the moment, when the spending reaches the limit, Ray on Golem will stop spending, effectively terminating the cluster nodes.

```yaml
provider:
  parameters:

    # Maximum amount of GLMs that's going to be spent for the whole cluster
    budget_limit: 2
```

### Avoiding too-expensive providers

You can use `provider.parameters.node_config.budget_control` section to define the limits on providers' prices.
Ray on Golem won't work with providers who exceed any of the following price settings.

#### Maximum provider prices

Golem providers charge in three ways. They charge:
- the initial price at the start of image deployment,
- CPU usage price for the total time (in seconds) their CPUs spent computing,
- duration price for the total time (in seconds) they spent up and running,

> So for example, if you rent a 3 CPU node for 15 minutes and the average load is 80% you will be charged `initial_price + duration_price * 15*60 + cpu_usage_price * 3 * 0.8 * 15*60`.

Author: Better like this ?
```
So for example, if you rent a 3-CPU node for 15 minutes and the average load is 0.8 per CPU you will be charged `initial_price + duration_price * 15*60 + cpu_usage_price * 3 * 0.8 * 15*60`
```

> So for example, if you rented a 3 CPU node for 15 minutes and utilized all three cores for 10 minutes you will be charged `initial_price + duration_price * 15*60 + cpu_usage_price * 3 * 10*60`.

Reviewer 2: Hard to imagine you will use CPUs for 5 minutes less then the machine.

It is more like: YOu rent 3 CPU but average load in this 1 5minutes is 0.8 per CPU (or 3*0.8 = 2.4 CPU usage) giving you cpu_usage_price * 2.4 * 15*60

Reviewer: well, it's _not_ very hard to imagine... cpu time is not the wall time but the _actual_ time that a given CPU is being used and the execution may well be memory- or io- extensive...

The following properties allow you to reject providers with any of the prices exceeding your limits.

> - `max_initial_price` (recommended value `0.5`)

Reviewer 2: I am not confided we can recommend anything specific here.

- `max_cpu_sec_price` (recommended value `0.0005`)
- `max_duration_sec_price` (recommended value `0.0005`)

```yaml
provider:
  parameters:
    node_config:
      cost_management:

        # Amount of GLMs for worker initiation 
        # causing Golem provider offer to be rejected
        max_initial_price: 0.5

        # Amount of GLMs for CPU utilisation per second 
        # causing Golem provider offer to be rejected
        max_cpu_sec_price: 0.0005

        # Amount of GLMs for each second that worker runs 
        # causing Golem provider offer to be rejected
        max_duration_sec_price: 0.0005
```

#### Maximum average usage cost

To combine all three prices into one value, have a look at the properties:
- `average_cpu_load` (recommended value `0.8`)
- `average_duration_minutes` (recommended value `20`)
- `max_average_usage_cost` (recommended value `1.5`)

> Using those if you plan to use your cluster for 20 minutes, and keep it busy for 80% of the time, you will reject providers that would cost you more than `1.5` GLMs in total.

Reviewer 2: This section also sort all offers which were not rejected and enables ray-on-golem to pick the cheapest (according to `average_cpu_load` and `average_duration_minutes`) providers first

You might also use `max_expected_usage_cost` to unconditionally cut off providers with too big an expected usage cost (in GLMs).

```yaml
provider:
  parameters:
    node_config:
      budget_control:

>         # Estimated expected load and duration for worker 
>         # allowing the picking of the least expensive Golem providers' offers first.
>         # If not provided, offers will be picked at random.
>         # Both values need to be defined or undefined together.

Reviewer: as a side note: whoah...  is that a fact that we pick offers _at_ _random_ if those are not provided? that feels very wrong... 

but anyway:

```suggestion
        # Estimated expected load and duration for a worker,
        # enabling selection of the least expensive providers first.
        # If not given, offers will be picked at random.
        # Both values need to be either defined or not defined together.
```

as suggested on Discord, though, that's very wrong UX imvho... 

if we want those values to be connected this way, I'd like there to be an _optional_ key that binds them and those two values would be _required_ for this tree node... 

e.g.:

```
budget_control:
   expected_usage:
      cpu_load: 0.8
      duration_minutes: 20
```

>         expected_cpu_load: 0.8

Reviewer: plus.... really - if we call it `cpu_load` and the value is expressed as a float, I _really_ have no idea whether that means a per-core load or a cumulative load... especially that in unix world, load is given as a sum of all individual core loads...

```suggestion
        expected_cpu_load: 0.8
```

However, you can use these properties to override the detection and request a specific image. 
Supported tags are available on [Golem registry](https://registry.golem.network/explore/golem/ray-on-golem).

Please [let us know on the `#Ray on Golem` discord channel)](https://chat.golem.network/) if you need an image with any specific content. We will be happy to help you.

## Budget control

### Spending hard limit

Within `provider.parameters` section there is the `total_budget` property.
It defines the maximum amount of GLMs paid for the whole cluster operations - from `ray up` until `ray down`.

At the moment, when the spending reaches the limit, Ray on Golem will stop spending, effectively terminating the cluster nodes.

```yaml
provider:
  parameters:

    # Maximum amount of GLMs that's going to be spent for the whole cluster
    total_budget: 2
```

### Avoiding too-expensive providers

You can use `provider.parameters.node_config.per_cpu_budget` section to define the limits on providers' prices.
Ray on Golem won't work with providers who exceed any of the following price settings.

#### Maximum provider prices

Golem providers charge in three ways. They charge:

> - the initial price at the start of image deployment - we divide it by the number of CPUs to work with price per CPU,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the initial price at the start of image deployment - we divide it by the number of CPUs so that the price is representative of the actual computing power that you pay for,
```

- CPU usage price for the total time (in hours) their CPUs spent computing,

> - duration price for the total time (in hours) they spent up and running - we divide it by the number of CPUs to work with price per CPU,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- duration price for the total time (in hours) they spent up and running - again, we divide it by the number of CPUs to get a fair comparison,
```

So for example, if you rent a 3-CPU node for half an hour and the average load is 0.8 per CPU you will be charged 
`3 * initial_price_per_cpu + 3 * duration_price_per_cpu * 0.5 + 3 * cpu_usage_price * 0.8 * 0.5`.

The following properties allow you to reject providers with any of the prices exceeding your limits.
- `max_initial_price`
- `max_cpu_hour_price`
- `max_duration_hour_price`

```yaml
provider:
  parameters:
    node_config:
      per_cpu_budget:

        # Amount of GLMs for worker initiation 
        # causing Golem provider offer to be rejected

>         max_initial_price: 0.5

Author: yup, you are right - thank you for pointing it out: https://github.com/golemfactory/golem-docs/pull/190
